[Music]
[Applause]
sefa villain moussaka Natalia Sousa your
moussaka Messiah check Mattamy Achebe
mammalian
[Music]
today we're gonna make one of the most
popular pastime in the world
yes it's not spaghetti and it's not
carbonara spaghetti and carbonara
[Music]
so first of all the water is boiling and
in Italy we put salt in the water so the
bust is already filled is around 10
grams per liter
[Music]
so one question I'm gonna be around 70
to 80 grams and it's we want it
authentic eternal people get it
authentic so inside is still a little
bit odd but if you like it moment so
just give it a couple of minutes
with the billions so in a bowl we add
some salt some pepper and then Parmesan
cheese I have fresh Parmesan cheese mud
and supermarket you will buy or sell
great it already is a touch of cream the
traditional recipe doesn't want cream
but make it easier make it more creamy
pasta with the Buddha me do that with a
little bit more and then we make it very
easy for our cabana today I choose some
smoked chicken we can use either pork if
you like or you can use turkey it's up
to you
as long as it's small because it gives
the flavor so we cut our chicken okay
there are 50 grams for sure
then we take
[Music]
oh I was forgetting
see this sauce is very creamy but it's
not like screamo acts
[Music]
finish the garnish with with a bit of
Parmesan cheese
[Music]
this is honest puck if you got one out
out with a smoked chicken
[Music]
very good dancer see you next time
in the next video bye bye